[Stella]
Previously on Jonas LA...
-I want to be friends.
-We are friends.
-Just friends.
-Well, I talked to my director
about who should play my love interest
in Forever April,
and she wants a Joe from Jonas type.
There's a roomful of me's in there
and I'm freaking out.
-Hang in there, man. I've got an idea.
-Action.
I'm a ghost.
Ghosts can't love.
If we never try, then we'll
never know what could have been.
-I got the part!
-Congratulations!
[whispers]
Thank you.
-[rock music plays]
-♪ LA, LA, baby ♪
-♪She's a ♪
-♪ LA, LA ♪
Come on, girl.
We're almost at the top.
There had better be
an air-conditioned mall up there.
All right, princess.
You rest. I'll be right back.
Yeah? Well, if I was a princess,
I'd have someone walk for me!
[mumbles]
-Oh. Oh.
-Oh, sorry.
-I didn't see you.
-That's OK.
Well, if someone was
going to run into me,
I'm glad it was you.
Hey, I know you.
I'm your neighbor.
Cute orange house, right?
-I'm Stella.
-Ben.
Sorry, I'm... I'm such a mess.
I was attacked... by a bear.
I'm guessing you're more of
an indoor girl.
I like a wall and a window now and then.
That's probably why I haven't
seen you on the trail before.
Hey.
Oh. Um...
[thudding]
So many mosquitoes out here in nature.
Well, maybe we'd be better off
doing something inside
like eating some
frozen yogurt or something.
Really? Yeah.
Great. I'll pick you up around 7:00.
-Perfect.
-Cute orange house?
-That's me.
-[chuckles]
Bye.
What was that?
[singsong voice]
I'll tell you in a second.
I just have to keep smiling and waving
until he's down that hill.
And we're clear.
He just asked me out!
-He's cute!
-I know, huh?
-I love hiking.
-Oh, OK.
-[theme music playing]
-♪ Yeah! ♪
♪ Hey! ♪
♪ I was sitting at home ♪
♪ Watching TV all alone ♪
♪ So tired of routines ♪
♪ The day goes on and on ♪
♪ So I pick up the phone ♪
♪ Call everyone I know ♪
♪ I say there's gonna be a party ♪
♪ Hit the music, here we go, yeah ♪
♪ You gotta live to party
Bust your move ♪
♪ Everybody's in the groove ♪
♪ Tell the DJ to play our song ♪
♪ Are you ready to rock and roll? ♪
♪ Gotta live to party
Bust your move ♪
♪ Everybody's in the groove ♪
♪ Live to ♪
♪ Party! ♪
Hey, guys.
Sorry I'm late.
-Big announcement?
-[DZ exhales]
Let me put this in the form
of a riddle.
Now what has two paddles, a net,
and the hottest celebrities in town?
Are you talking about Justin Timberlake's
ping-pong tournament?
Correct. Now, this is
the biggest charity event
of the summer, OK?
JT's all about giving back.
Yeah, we know all about it,
but all the spots are booked.
I guess it just depends on who you know.
You see, my cousin is
the assistant to the guy,
who's the assistant to the guy,
who picks the players.
So, I've secured an invitation
for one lucky Jonai...
Happens to be singular, the Jonai.
No, it's not.
But more to the point,
that means that only
one of us gets to play.
-Yeah.
-Correct-amente.
FYI, I'm adding "amente"
to everything I say.
So which one of you three,
is the best-amente?
Me, I'd probably crush it,
but I've gotta study my script
for the movie that I'm starring in,
Forever April.
So, Joe Hollywood is out.
How about you guys, huh?
Why don't you play for it?
Kevin vs. Nick?
I'm in.
A little brotherly competition.
-I'm in.
-Oh.
[clears throat]
So...
Excited-amente. All right.
Good luck on that. All righty.
"I need your love.
You need my love."
I can't believe
I'm going on my first LA date.
I know. For such a slow hiker,
you work pretty fast.
Wait. Issue.
-What?
-Joe.
Right. Well, are you going
to tell him about Ben?
I mean, am I supposed to?
I don't know.
Oh, OK.
Let's play it out.
I'll be Joe.
What would you say to me?
-So, Joe, um, I met a guy.
-No!
No! How could you betray me?!
Macy, he's not gonna do that.
Well, I was just showing you
the worst-case scenario.
OK. Um, well, can we please try
the best-case scenario?
-OK, fine.
-OK.
So, Joe, I met this guy
and we're gonna go on a date.
Oh, that's great. Have fun.
I never had feelings for you anyway.
That's the best-case scenario?
Oh, wait.
Here's 50 bucks.
Take him someplace classy.
Huh? Huh?
Wasn't that helpful?
Wait. Wait!
-Joe?
-Hey, Stell.
Whose dog is this?
Hi, baby.
This is Chakra.
He belongs to Vanessa.
Oh, we belong to each other.
-[Joe chuckles]
-Vanessa. Expecting rain?
Oh, no. I'm actually playing
a ghost in Forever April,
so I can't be in the sun.
I tan uber easy.
Uber awesome.
[sighs] Joe is such a sweetheart,
agreeing to dog sit Chakra for me.
Wow. So, you're dog sitting...
-Yeah.
-For Vanessa.
OK.
Well, I'm spending the weekend
in an underground spa, so...
Oh, let me guess, uber exclusive?
Oh, no, it's literally underground...
in a cave.
So what's up, Stells?
Um, I actually just came to say hi.
And now I'm going,
so, Joe, happy dog sitting.
Vanessa... watch out for bats.
[ball clacking]
Nick!
Hey, bro. Look what I found,
-one of these things.
-Oh, so you're practicing.
Because where I come from,
a friendly game means
you pick up a paddle and you play.
Well, you're welcome
to use it if you want.
It's all good, brother.
-What does that mean?
-Do what you need to do.
OK.
[Aunt Lisa] Isn't this fun?
Mm-hmm.
-What are you knitting?
-A scarf.
-Oh.
-Or a sock.
Huh.
It depends what part of me
gets cold first.
-What about you?
-Oh. Cat sweater!
Doesn't your cat have fur?
[baby voice] But it goes so well
with his little hat.
He's taking care of Vanessa's dog.
[exclaims]
No, he is not!
Yeah, he is. I mean, I don't know
how they got so far so fast.
Usually you meet, you flirt, you date,
you introduce him to your parents,
and then maybe you let him dog sit.
Well, he has clearly moved on
and so should you.
-Mm-hmm.
-Oh, I am moving, baby,
and Ben is my moving van.
Oh, after I meet him?
-He's not a rock star.
-Love him.
Yes, ladies, this date with Ben
is going down.
-I am talking frozen yogurt...
-Mmm.
-With toppings.
-[gasps]
Maybe in a swirl.
Now that is the Stella
who came to play in LA.
-Hippy bump. [squeals]
-Whoo.
-I'm good. I'm getting ready.
-Oh, I'll help.
-[Nick] Kevin.
-Oh, hey, Nick.
Meet China's gold medalist
in table tennis world cup.
You hired a coach?
And you, sir, bought a ball machine.
Just say it. You're afraid to lose
to your little brother.
"Lose"? Oh, no. I just want to make sure
you were properly schooled
-when I beat you.
-You are so going down.
[sighs] That's cute and all,
but can you leave now?
'Cause she's about to teach me a move
she likes to call the cobra chop.
Chop.
So remember,
he only drinks bottled water,
no carbs after 4:00 p.m.
and no loud noises.
-His ears are very sensitive.
-[whispers] I think we'll be fine.
-I'll call you when I get there.
-Cool.
-I was talking to Chakra.
-Right.
-[kisses]
-Yeah, I knew that.
-[chuckles]
-And one for you.
Bye.
I know where you can sleep.
You can sleep in Nick's bed.
Yes, you can.
[laughs]
Come on.
-Excuse me.
-Oh, hey, can I help you?
Yeah, I'm looking for a Stella.
-You are?
-Ben. I met Stella hiking today
and I found her keys on the trail.
At least I think they're hers.
-Yeah, those are Stella's.
-Do you know if she's around?
If not, I'll just see her tonight.
-What's tonight?
-Our date.
So what you're telling me
is your name is Ben,
-and you have a date with Stella.
-Yeah.
I think we have a lot we could talk about.
Why don't you come on in?
Cobra chop!
-Aloha, brother.
-What's all this?
Well, I know some words have
been exchanged, some not so pleasant,
so I decided to do something nice for you.
Really?
This is for me?
Well, I know how much you like relaxing.
I do like to take a load off.
All right. Well, try it out.
Take this coconut smoothie,
lay down on this thing
and just relax.
Don't mind if I do.
Oh, I almost forgot... ladies.
-Oh.
-How does that feel?
Ah. Like a cool island breeze.
Very relaxing.
Wait a second!
-I know what you're trying to do here.
-What would that be?
You're trying to recreate that sweet,
sweet nap I took in Maui.
Ah, the nap of all naps.
The nap of your dreams.
Now why would I do that?
To make me groggy for the match.
You're trying to make me lose
my competitive edge.
Shh... relax.
It would be nice.
I mean...
No! Not at all! Absolutely not.
-Not gonna work.
-All right, fine.
But I know how cranky you get
without your nap.
You're going down
a bad road here, brother.
You'll be sorry
you messed with the master.
No one said stop.
Ah. Here you go, my buddy, Ben.
Thanks.
So, is Stella home?
Oh, we'll get to Stella.
I want to talk about Ben.
-What gets Ben up every morning?
-Um, well, I'm a student.
So, what I'm hearing is you're unemployed.
-No, I work part time, too.
-Mmm, flipping burgers?
Actually, I invented a cell-phone app.
It's kind of popular.
Well, I'm pretty
cell-phone-app savvy myself.
So, what's it called?
It's called the Side Burner.
-It lets you take any photo and--
-Put sideburns on it?
Dude, I love that app.
You invented that?
Yeah, it's no big deal.
It pays the rent,
got my parents a new house.
-Wow.
-It's all good. So, what do you do?
Really?
[ball clacking]
-Where are they?
-Where are what?
-Can you be more specific?
-Specifically, my lucky sneakers.
The white ones with the blue stripes?
I haven't seen 'em.
-Fibber!
-Oh, now you're resorting to name-calling.
-I know what you're trying to do.
-And that would be what?
You think I'm so superstitious
-I need those shoes to win.
-Those are your words, not mine.
-You're not getting inside my head.
-I think I already am.
You know what?
I could beat you without shoes.
I could beat you without socks.
I could beat you without feet!
Good luck with that.
Kevin!
[exhales]
[Joe] You know what?
I ask the questions around here.
So, where are you taking Stella tonight?
-Um, to get frozen yogurt.
-What do you have against ice cream?
-Higher fat content.
-Oh, boy.
So, as determined
by the pre-game flip of a coin,
the Kevinator will serve first.
By the way,
I'm no longer saying "amente."
I'm now saying "inator."
Just loosen up the wrist.
-What was that?
-Cobra chop.
The cobra chop is cheating?
Look, Nick, if you can't handle
my level of play,
you should just quit now,
just like you did third-grade Spanish.
-Ooh.
-Listen, I couldn't roll my R's
because my tongue wasn't fully formed yet.
-Always an excuse with this guy.
-[Nick] You know what?
-Just serve the ball, Kevin Percy.
-Don't you use my middle name.
-Oh, I think I just did, Percy.
-Ball.
-Cobra chop!
-Whoo!
All right.
It's getting Intense-amente.
Code red! Code red!
Actually, this is Crimson Crush.
No. Joe, Ben, here together.
-What?
-Joe is grilling Ben like a shish kebab.
-You've gotta get in there.
-Right. Wait.
-What about my toes?
-Just bring them.
OK.
So, what you're telling me, Ben,
if that's your real name,
is that you're gonna take Stella
out to "fro-yo,"
and if it goes well,
you might ask her out again?
Um... yes.
[grunts] Joe.
-Stella.
-[Stella] Hey.
-Don't talk to her.
-Don't talk to him.
No, we are talking.
We're talking up a storm.
I found your keys.
Oh, and you brought them here.
Thank you. That is... that is so sweet.
Thank you. Thanks.
You, game room, now.
-No.
-Now.
-Look. If tonight's not gonna work--
-Oh, no, it's perfect.
-It's perfect.
-OK.
Thanks for the keys.
All right.
Bye.
-Take that, thumb sucker!
-You ate baby food until you were ten!
It was just the applesauce!
Oh! Point to the Nickinator!
Whew. Guys, this is getting personal.
Whoo!
How dare you interrogate my date!
Well, what am I supposed to do,
seeing as you decided
to keep the whole thing from me?
Uh, I tried to tell you,
but you were a little too busy
playing house with Vanessa and Shakira.
It's Chakra, and he's a boy.
-[barking]
-The point is you had a date tonight
And you didn't tell me.
Well, you didn't tell me
about the dog sitting.
I didn't tell you about my
dentist appointment either.
What's the big deal?
Vanessa is trusting you
with something that she loves.
-That's a big step in a relationship.
-We're not in a relationship.
Well, she thinks that you are.
Yet you're the one who has a date tonight.
It's just yogurt!
-[barking continues]
-Chakra! Chakra!
No, Chakra!
Come back! Chakra!
So, it all comes down to this:
the winner of the next point
will take the crown,
and moi, to meet Justin Timberlake.
[barks]
-[gasps]
-That was our last ball.
-When did we get a dog?
-Chakra!
Heel!
-Stay!
-Chakra, come back!
-Chakra, come on!
Don't run!
-Our dog's name is Chakra?
-It's not our dog.
I'm watching him for Vanessa.
He got scared when Stella
and I were arguing.
-About what?
-She has a date tonight,
-and she didn't tell me.
-But didn't you guys decide to be friends?
Doesn't that mean you're free to date
whoever you want?
Yeah, but I just pictured myself dating
and Stella just... not.
You do realize how it sounds, right?
When I just said it,
I realized what a jerk I sounded like.
Yeah, well, you shouldn't tell us.
You should tell her.
[panting]
Come on, boy.
You're right.
Thanks.
[DZ]
Yo, bros.
Ah. It's game point.
[chuckles]
[Kevin]
Yeah, that's gonna be a problem.
Maybe it's for the best.
The game was getting pretty ugly.
Yeah, there's no such thing
as a friendly game of ping-pong.
Hey, guys, hold on, OK.
We're real close, all right,
one more point.
It's over, DZ.
Guys, wait. I don't want
to have to come down on you.
All right, look. I promised my guy
a Jonas and I don't front.
OK? So, you guys have got one day
to sort this out.
Or what?
[voice cracks] Or our friendship
is in serious trouble.
Our friendship will be fine.
Trust me.
-Hey.
Listen, I was way out of line back there,
I'm sorry.
It's OK.
I may have slightly overreacted
to that whole dog thing.
We should be able
to date whoever we want
without the other one
of us freaking out about it.
I agree.
Or if you prefer not to date at all,
I'm cool with that, too.
-Joe.
-OK, the first one.
Listen, Ben's a really nice guy.
You should have fun tonight.
-Thank you.
-Just do me one favor...
Tell him what band I'm in.
OK.
Cool.
[ballad playing]
♪ They say you'll know ♪
♪ When you really find the one ♪
♪ But it's hard to tell ♪
♪ With the damage that's been done ♪
♪ But I'd like to say
That it's your fault ♪
♪ But I know better ♪
♪ 'Cause I'm a fool to think
You'd wait around forever ♪
♪ Maybe I ♪
♪ Could have loved you ♪
♪ Could have shown ♪
♪ That I still care about you ♪
♪ More than you could know ♪
♪ Don't say it's too late to try ♪
♪ To make it right ♪
♪ Oh ♪
♪ Make it right ♪
♪ Gonna make it right ♪
♪ Oh, yeah ♪
[crickets chirping]
-Hello.
-Where have you been?
I've been worried sick.
It's 8:00.
I've been gone for an hour.
OK, let's put it all behind us
and tell me everything.
OK. So we got to the yogurt place--
-Start earlier.
-He opened the door for me.
A gentleman.
-And then he let me pick the music.
-He cares about your interests.
Then we opened the sunroof
so we could look at the stars...
-Oh...
-But it was foggy.
-Not his fault.
-Oh, when we got to the date,
-he made me something.
-What?
[exclaims]
He sideburned you?
Yes. Oh, Joe is so cool.
-I just said...
-Uh-huh.
-That can't happen again. Hm-mmm.
-No. Mm-mm.
-How about I sideburn you?
-OK.
-Let's go full-on werewolf.
-Smile.
[clicks]
[guitar music playing]
Guys, it's game time.
We've got you covered, DZ.
Oh, so it's you.
Great, I was hoping for you.
-I don't hate Kev or anything.
-It's not me.
Kevin, baby!
My favorite brother!
It's not me either, DZ.
So, you guys are leaving me hanging?
We're not gonna leave you hanging.
We promised you a brother,
so, fresh off the jet from Jersey...
-Let's do this!
-Oh, yo, what's up, Frankie?
A little gift from mom.
Baby applesauce.
Guys, it's just a lot smoother.
So... [clears throat]
You any good?
Back home they call me the Frankinator.
[chuckles]
Where have you guys been hiding this kid?
Let me see you do this.
Yeah. Definitely.
How long have you been playing?
[Stella] Next on Jonas LA...
I'm gonna be in a movie today.
-Line?
-Cut!
Do you not know your lines?
You'd better get your act together,
or you're gonna see my dark side.
It gets darker?
♪ G-G-C-C ♪
-We're doing it.
-We are shredding "Twinkle, Twinkle."
I think guitar should always be
a two-person instrument.
Depends on the two people.
If you like a girl, you should tell her,
so she's not confused
by the messages you're sending.
You know, I think massage
is my true calling.
-Ow.
-Sorry.
Ow.